---- Comments from the Reviewers: ----
About performance:
It is not clear what major performance improvement is reported with respect to the previous work. Proposed method has similar if not lower performance profile!
Authors have not shown a better performance than published literature and lack in testing and validation. For example, "Scientific Reports volume 6, Article number: 18962 (2016)" has reported comparison with 5 public databases while authors have reported one.
Similar performance profile as previous work [3] is reported.
There are at least 5 public databases and authors have reported results on only one! Check Scientific Reports volume 6, Article number: 18962 (2016)
The metrics for comparison limited to accuracy could be increased (FPs, FNs, ...) but the confusion matrix provide enough information to evaluate the results.

Comment on Novelty/Originality:
The paper describes the application of a visualization technique to protein structure data (based on training CNNs). I do not feel that there is a lot of originality here, except for the application.

Comment on Technical Correctness:
1) A CNN with 3 layers does not benefit from skip connection! Skip connection is primarily for very deep networks.
2) No hyper-parameter tuning is performed in deep network, The parameters of the NNs are fixed and the authors do not explain the selection of these parameters. This information could be incorporated to improve the manuscript.
3) (not true) Authors train the model with 3 different network initialization and report the highest.
(true) The proper method is to train the network "n" times and report mean and standard deviation ob validation dataset.

Comment on Clarity of Presentation:
1) Lacks proper grammar.
2) Need to summarize results in the Abstract.

Comment on Reference to Prior Work:
Scientific Reports volume 6, Article number: 18962 (2016)
BMC Bioinformatics201819:293
Protein Secondary Structure Prediction Using Cascaded Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Networks in IJCAI 2016

Comment on Experimental Validation:
The authors seem to deal with a toy example. They state that the classification results obtained (with no explanation of how they were obtained) do not beat the state of the art, but that ”The aim of this work is not to outperform the state-of-the-art, but build a network with a simple structure and fair performance.” Furthermore, they state that "We believe that the techniques of analysis here presented and the conclusions withdrawn from them can be transferred to current state-of-the-art methods without losing validity." While I appreciate the authors being very honest about this, the results are not completely convincing.


General Comments to Authors:
• Introduction and Background: Overall the background information was well presented, albeit insufficient for a reader unfamiliar with the background. Some attempt was made to bridge the gap, but the entire paper was about saliency maps, and the only description the authors gave on background for that specific term was “Saliency maps are a visualisation technique for sensitivity analysis.” Again, I just don’t have the background here, but a search of both of those main terms yielded little in the realm of protein secondary structure application. I do have experience with protein structure, etc, but the lack of background hurt significantly here, because the entire paper was an application in saliency maps. I’m familiar from an image processing perspective, but not in a biological one. If this didn’t hurt my overall understanding of the paper I likely wouldn’t mention it, without that I couldn’t get a solid grasp of that this paper was trying to do. The abstract, introduction, methods, results, and conclusion seemed to all cite different “main points” of this paper, and I was very confused as to what the overall main point was. It could be a lack of background, but overall I found this article confusing. At the end of the background section he cites that the main point is to develop a many-to-many (?) classifier that can classify different sequences in protein secondary structure, somehow incorporating the saliency map into this analysis. At this point there is no clear description of what the classes are, what classification approaches will be used, etc.

• Methods: Here we begin to get into a convolutional neural net that applies convolutions in a 1- D fashion, I haven’t seen this before, but I follow whats happening, since these protein sequences move down the DNA. We discuss the structure of the network, then training and generating saliency maps from the trained CNN. At the end of the methods section it appears that the main point is generation of potential saliency maps that could explain the secondary structure of the proteins, and provide useful information about a particular class. No classification task mentioned or how the generation of the maps from the CNN will play into it.

• Results: The results section opens back up with a classification task, no mention of how saliency maps were be used, and discusses that the classification results obtained (with no explanation of how they were obtained) do not beat the state of the art, but that ”The aim of this work is not to outperform the state-of-the-art, but build a network with a simple structure and fair performance” Really, the results are presented in an easy-to-understand fashion, and the confusion matrix is very clear that overall the classifier isn’t too bad, but the authors make no mention as to how the classifier works whatsoever. Also, we go from generating saliency maps being the overall objective to attempting to classify different types of secondary structures from those saliency maps, with no real explanation as to how we get from A to B. I’m interpreting that the generation of the maps was then compared to actual maps from the test set, and if the sequences are correct then its good. This is simply my interpretation. Afterward they re-run the experiment removing a chunk of the training data and achieve a comparable score, and draw the conclusion that the additional data (PSSM Score) isn’t useful in the classification/generation task. We again train the networks to try to classify right side vs. left side helixes, with better results than the original. Other than the above, an additional comment is that the caption in fig 3 needs to be re-worded and checked for spelling.

• Conclusion: The first sentence of the conclusion doesn’t make sense, and doesn’t clarify much. Additionally, the conclusion appears to imply that the entire point of this paper was to attempt
to apply saliency maps to biological applications, and that the classification/generation task was meant to show that it can be done successfully. If that is the overall point, then that needs to be stated up front and some sections need to be re-worded with that intent in mind.

-----
